[Music]
hey everybody
Josh share from Android Central and now
that I have hopped on the Galaxy Nexus
train and have a phone that can support
multiple colors for its notification LED
I had to find an app that would let me
customize whatever the LED color was and
I ended up finding one called light flow
LED control it does exactly what you'd
want it to do it lets you assign a
custom color for a custom notification
to Google Plus email low battery missed
call you know you name it it can
probably handle it
so let's just take a quick look this is
the actual menu when you open up light
flow is kind of no fuss very plain Jane
you can go to the general settings
obviously you want to enable light flow
and have it running the foreground and
some other things like modify Gmail app
if you're running a modified Gmail app
which I'm not um
notification method when the phone is
charging enable clear all accessibility
check version upgrade reminder and then
some other settings that I haven't
allowed to use like enable sleep
settings because I'm a simple man and I
have simple desires and I don't want to
enable charge settings in LED control
but just know that if you wanted to you
could do charge settings and main LED
control stuff and camera flash LED
control but let's come into the meat of
the app which is the actual notification
settings it has a pre-populated list by
default when you open things like missed
call voicemail calendar reminders Google
Voice and then there's some other things
it'll detect like facebook Messenger
your Google+ but really it's as simple
as just tapping on one of these and I'll
just show you so let's go to missed call
freezing we'll see you have to enable
the notification I think you notice that
voicemail wasn't enabled because I use
Google Voice for my voicemail so you
enable a notification and you have your
notification clear style manual screen
or app you select a notification color
it says that it'll clear the
notification when you pull down the
notification pull down a bar and then
you say yes I want to enable the light
and you can change things like the light
duration turn it off after certain
amount of time I say don't because I
want to make sure I saw it first and
then the big kick or the notification
color should check this out I miss call
defaults thread which is great for
lookit this is actually a rather lengthy
list blue bright pink cyan deep orange
gold green indigo lilac lime magenta
orange pink purple red sky-blue
turquoise white yellow and a custom
color with what I believe is a British
spelling and so all you have to do is
you know taps on on that'll be a
turquoise light or a white light and
white actually looks very cool yellow
light I think is what I have a low
battery purple and it'll glow that
whenever something happens but I like
red from this column LED flash right
always on because if it's always on I'm
bound to notice it and then are some
other settings like enabling a
notification sound when you also have a
missed call or enable a repeating sound
or enabling vibration or repeating
vibrate and the reason I don't use those
personally is because they have a
tendency if you don't turn off other
notifications to clash with androids
default notifications and that's no good
for anyone because I have my other
notifications set up rather well
and then you can test a single
notification or what I'm actually going
to do for y'all is show you in the tools
the all enabled LEDs test so you hit
that and it says yo turn your screen off
man to turn my screen up and wait for it
boom right there and it just cycles
through all of the colors that it can
produce that this light can produce so
you can see what they look like which to
me is great because it's kind of what
helped me decide what colors I picked I
picked colors that had no similarities
one another so there's no confusion as
to you know what the notification would
be but for somebody who has a phone with
multiple colors in the notification
light this is just too too cool so if
you have a Galaxy Nexus or if you have
another phone that supports more than
two or three colors like green red and
amber I think and you'll definitely want
to check this out it's called a light
flow LED control and it's a dollar
ninety-nine in the Google Play Store so
if you want to trick out your
notification colors your notification
light colors excuse me then definitely
check it out one last time it is light
flow LED control it's a dollar
ninety-nine and you can find it in the
Google Play Store
[Music]
you